= clean-assert

* http://github.com/niclasnilsson/clean-assert/

== DESCRIPTION:

A Ruby library to get really clean asserts.

Example:

  assert / "name != nil" / "not name.empty?" / "age >= 21"

This will do three separate assertion checks and will give you an error message that includes
the broken assertion code, the class and the method name. No need for having both the actual assertion and
then a strained error message that you normally have to write to understand what broke. Also, due to it's terseness,
you can afford having several guard clauses on one line instead of letting them take over your method, which keeps
the signal-to-noise ratio sane.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* No known problems.

== INSTALL:

  $ gem sources -a http://gems.github.com
  $ sudo gem install niclasnilsson-clean-assert


== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Niclas Nilsson

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.